change your element type oil filter with ease
to change your oil filter you need
rags
two big
of cleaning products of a torque wrench of a drain wrench
adapted
a recovery tank
a funnel
neutral filter
a 5-liter filter gasket drain seal
minimum guy fit it
reassembled vehicles on the ramps tight price the handbrake
let your engine cool down about 30 minutes indeed an eighth place
drain more easily
locate the filter location in the engine host
cover the lille fill cap and remove the bleed screw and
let the used water drain into the recovery tank
unscrew the filter cover
certainly all by putting it on the cloth to prevent the hymn his
colors
exchanged the care drain drained bleed screw and receiving and not 100%
the parade on the filters with minors
do not use a press
replace the choice of cover with the new
good new filter case on the lid
manually odyssey the lid on the bracket
to complete torque tightening with the torque wrench
fill the oil tank with about 4 liters
and control the level gauge
start the vehicle and check that there is no oil leak at
level of cover and bleed screw
let it sit for 10 minutes and do it again for him if necessary to
reach the maximum level of the tonnage
do not dispose of your used oil filter in the household trash
come bring peace and then drain users into the nearest garage
we will recommend you to change your fragile daughter when draining
of your engine
every fifteen thousand kilometers we are every year respecting the
manufacturer's recommendations